feat: design-tokens-lint (#725)
nl-design-system/theme-wizard: packages/design-tokens-lint/README.md

# Design Tokens lint

Lint your Design Tokens JSON files for the NL Design System community.

## Installation

```sh
pnpm add @nl-design-system-community/design-tokens-lint
```

## Usage

```shell
design-tokens-lint [options] <file>
```

### Validate a tokens file

```shell
design-tokens-lint src/tokens.json
```

### Tokens Studio

When using Tokens Studio, exclude the parent keys where the token sets are defined:

```shell
design-tokens-lint --exclude-parent-keys figma/figma.tokens.json
```

### Write output to file

> Write output to file instead of stderr/stdout. This works for both successful and failed validations. In case of success the entire tokens tree is written, including additional NLDS extensions and upgraded tokens that match [the spec](https://www.designtokens.org/tr/2025.10/format/). In case of failure the issues are written to file as JSON.

Author: ```suggestion
Write output to file instead of stderr/stdout. This works for both successful and failed validations. In case of success the entire tokens tree is written, including additional NL Design System extensions and upgraded tokens that match [the Design Tokens JSON format](https://www.designtokens.org/tr/2025.10/format/). In case of failure the issues are written to file as JSON.
```
